Add documentation for types and serializers (#1286)
IBM/unitxt: docs/docs/examples.rst

`Example code <https://github.com/IBM/unitxt/blob/main/examples/evaluate_image_text_to_text.py>`_

Related documentation: :ref:`Multi-Modality Guide <multi_modality>`.

Types and Serializers
----------------------------

Custom Types and Serializers
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> This example show how to define new data types as well as the way these data type should be handled when processed to text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to prompt a model when the task has fields of complex types such as dialogs, images, and tables.  It demonstrates how to define new data types and how these data types are converted to a textual representation in the prompt provided to the model.
```
